# Medusa Plugin Ultimate

The Medusa Plugin Ultimate is a powerful tool that allows developers to easily add a user interface to entities marked with a decorator. With this plugin, you can seamlessly create, edit, view, and delete documents associated with these entities, and expose them through a specific route for your store.

## Features

- **Entity UI Integration:** The Medusa Plugin Ultimate seamlessly integrates with your entities. By simply marking an entity with a decorator, you can enable a user interface for it in the Medusa dashboard.

- **Create, Edit, View, Delete:** Once your entity has a UI, you can easily perform essential CRUD operations. Create new documents, edit existing ones, view their details, and delete them with ease.

- **Customizable UI:** The UI generated by this plugin is customizable, allowing you to tailor it to your specific requirements. You can control the appearance and behavior of the UI elements.

- **Route Exposition:** In addition to the dashboard integration, this plugin exposes your entity documents via a specific route. This makes it easy for your store to interact with these documents programmatically.

## Installation

1. **Install the Plugin:**

   ```shell
   npm i medusa-plugin-ultimate
   ```

2. **Configure the Plugin:**
   Edit the configuration files to specify the entities you want to add the UI for and configure other settings as needed.

# Todos

- Check other github docs and take inspiration
- Complete the README.md documentation and presentation
